= QRZCallbook

This gem provides an easy object oriented front end to access Amateur Radio
callsign data from the QRZ.COM online database.

It uses the QRZ XML Database Service, which requires a subscription from QRZ.COM.

The QRZ XML Database Service specification states "The data supplied by the XML port may
be extended in a forwardly compatible manner. New XML elements and database objects
(with their associated elements) may be transmitted at any time. It is the developers
responsibility to have their program ignore any unrecognized objects and/or elements
without raising an error, so long as the information received consists of properly formatted XML."

Therefore, this gem will not attempt to list or manage individual elements of a callsign.  You
will need to inspect the hash to see which elements are available for any given
callsign, as demonstrated in the synopsis.

This gem does not handle any management of reusing session keys at this time, although you can
specify a key you have used previously when initializing, or at any time via the key accessor.

== Usage

  require "rubygems"
  require "pp"
  require "qrz-callbook"

	qrz = QRZCallbook.new({
		'callsign' => 'n8qq',
		'username' => 'qrz_username',
		'password' => 'qrz_password'
	})

  # get and inspect the basic listing

	qrz.get_listing
	pp qrz.listing

  # get and inspect biography information

	qrz.get_bio
	pp qrz.bio

	qrz.get_bio_file
	puts "Biography: #{qrz.bio_file}"

  # get and inspect dxcc information

	qrz.get_dxcc
	pp qrz.dxcc

  # show the session information from the last call to the api

	pp qrz.session

  # set a new callsign and show some misc individual information

	qrz.callsign = 'w8irc'
	qrz.get_listing
	qrz.get_dxcc

	puts "Name: #{qrz.listing['fname']} #{qrz.listing['name']}"
	puts "DXCC Continent: #{qrz.dxcc['continent']}"

== Dependencies

* xml-simple

* A QRZ.COM subscription that includes access to the QRZ XML Database Service

== See Also

* In order to use this module you need to have a subscription for the QRZ XML Database Service.  See http://www.qrz.com/XML/index.html

* The technical reference for the QRZ XML Database Service is at http://www.qrz.com/XML/current_spec.html

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Brad McConahay. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

